Previously...
License and
registration. please.
-There you go.
-Thank you.
-James Lindsay. huh?
-Jim.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
-What the hell are you doing?
-A-Are you Dexter Morgan?
It's me. Harrison.
What happened to you?
Where have you been?
Bounced around a bunch
of shitty foster homes.
Uh. finally I
decided to find you.
I came here for answers.
Ask me whatever you want.
Why did you leave us?
I was born in blood.
just like you.
I had the same violent
urges when I was your age.
Like you. I didn't know
how to deal with them.
But my dad taught me a Code.
A way to channel those urges.
I'm gonna tell you everything.
Do you use this
when. you know...
you know. you go after bad guys?
No.
You ready?
It's the end of the
road. Kurt Caldwell.
-Why are you doing this?
-You fucking murdered women.
They're just runaways.
You and your son. you're
some kind of vigilante team?
Like father. like son.
Turn around. On your
knees. Hands on your head.
What the hell is this about?
Dexter Morgan.
you're under arrest.
Don't do that.
-Shit.
-You don't really
care about saving
anybody. do you?
You're just feeding
this-this "Dark Passenger."
You're just like me. buddy.
Open your eyes and look
at what you've done!
You have to take the safety off.
Deep breath.
-Talk to me.
-We have penetrating
thoracic trauma by gunshot.
catastrophic blood loss.
We're losing him.
Defib on my count.
Three. two. one. Clear!
No Pulse. Recharging.
We have a heartbeat.
Ah. a beating heart.
I'll take it.
Hello. Dexter Morgan.
Am I dead?
Not yet.
But almost being killed
by someone you're fond of
has its own particular sting.
Eh. Dexter?
I told my son to shoot me.
He was following the Code.
That's a pretty fucked-up way
to look at patricide.
Well. Harrison's lived
a pretty fucked-up life.
Thanks to you.
Wait. you're...
You think Harrison's my fault?
That I'm the bad guy?
If you hadn't thought that
you could live the dream...
...your wife would
still be alive.
And your son
wouldn't have been
left to sit in a pool
of his own mother's blood.
Just like you were
at the same age.
Maybe your precious son
wouldn't have become a
father killer like...
...like me.
He is nothing like you!
Let me give you a little advice.
serial killer to serial killer.
Where you went wrong was
thinking you could have it all.
A family and your
Dark Passenger.
The bullet to my chest
did a pretty good job
of teaching me that.
Like our Savior.
sometimes you have
to go through hell
to achieve resurrection.
Not that we're anything
like the good Lord.
You already know
what you really are.
Who you really are.
Patient is still unresponsive.
Socio.
Mi amigo.
For a moment there. yeah. I was.
It was great to find
someone I could trust.
Yes.
It was something we both needed.
Rare for two grown men to
find that in each other.
Usually. the only time
I could be that open.
that real with someone.
was when I had them
on my kill table.
When you killed other killers.
future innocent
victims were saved.
There's a nobility in that.
But when you tried
to be normal...
...people who didn't deserve it
found themselves
equally as dead.
Yours is a lonely
path. my friend.
♪ "Master of My Craft" by
Parquet Courts playing ♪
♪ I got a gold
medal. record time ♪
♪ Gold record. diamond mines ♪
♪ Name's in print.
tongue. minds ♪
♪ Thread counts high
and commissions high ♪
♪ Hourly rates high ♪
♪ A minute of your time? ♪
♪ Forget about it ♪
♪ I didn't come here to dream
or teach the world things ♪
♪ Define paradigms or
curate no living days ♪
♪ With high thread counts
and staircases high ♪
♪ Hourly rates high ♪
♪ A minute of your time? ♪
♪ Forget about it ♪
♪ A master of my craft ♪
-Harrison.
-Hey.
Just the guy I was looking for.
I wanted to get you
this as soon as I could.
-Okay.
-Open it.
Oh. shit. Wow.
Is it about your GED?
I passed.
Oh. my God! I knew
you could do it!
I told you you'd ace it.
My days of being a
high school dropout
are officially over.
Thanks for pushing
me to do this.
You're very push-able.
It's one of the many
things I like about you.
Um. am I. um... am
I still watching
-your little man tonight?
-Yeah. Lot of tests coming up.
Got a grupo de estudio
and a class tonight.
I'm gonna show him
the OG Eastman run
of Ninja Turtles.
After tarea.
-¿Claro?
-Sí.
Homework first. I'm not
gonna lead him astray.
I'm not a high school
dropout anymore.
Okay. Great.
-I'll see you tonight.
-See you.
Oh. reminder. Top floor
suites are reserved this week.
Preparation for some
gala later this month.
Rich people gotta gala.
Right.
You can take room 237.
I'll make sure
it's cleaned last.
Gracias.
I-I got to get to work.
Stefan's on the prowl.
Fuck.
♪ Home is where I want to be ♪
♪ Pick me up and turn me round ♪
♪ I feel numb ♪
♪ Born with a weak heart ♪
♪ I guess I must
be having fun... ♪
Good morning.
Morning. man.
Adrian. What's up?
-Hey. Harrison.
-Morning.
-Morning. Claude.
-Hey. how you doing?
Jorge. what's good?
Only vegetarian burritos left.
Mmm.
Daniel. I got that one.
♪ Nothing's wrong. nothing ♪
♪ Hi yo. I got plenty of time ♪
♪ Hi yo. you got
light in your eyes ♪
♪ And you're standing
here beside me ♪
♪ I love the passing of time ♪
Oh. shit.
-Yo.
-Yo. yo. yo.
-Want a ride. big guy?
-I wish I could.
Those Ryan's wheels?
Yep. He's got a honey on his
arm and he's looking for you.
Got it.
What? My shift starts at four.
And what do we say here
at the Empire Hotel?
"On time is late."
-My man.
-Ryan.
-You got my stuff?
-Absolutely.
You can find anything
in the city. huh?
I got another favor to ask you.
This fucker quit on me.
Don't suppose you know a
spot that can fix this.
Oh. please. I got you.
He's the best.
Well. we only hire the best.
♪ Home is where I want to be ♪
♪ But I guess I'm
already there ♪
♪ I come home... ♪
Welcome to the Empire
Hotel. Checking in?
We checked in online.
We're room 715.
Perfect. Let's get you
loaded up and into your room.
♪ Did I find you
or you find me? ♪
♪ There was a time
before we were born ♪
♪ If someone asks.
this is where I'll be ♪
♪ Where I'll be... ♪
Are you here for business?
Richard's got the meetings.
I get the spa days.
Nice.
Well. if you need
any recommendations
for dinner. bars. whatever...
...I'm your guy.
-Um. hello?
-Oh. so sorry.
Uh. your suite's right this way.
Again. if you need anything...
Thank you.
Where is it?
-Um...
-Whoa!
Oh. Sorry. didn't
mean to scare you.
-No worries.
-Uh. I'm lost.
Can you help me find the Topics
in Emergency Care conference?
-Yeah. I got you.
-Thanks.
-I'm Shauna.
-I'm Harrison.
Is this your first
time in New York?
Yeah.
Yeah. I thought I
was gonna hate it.
coming from Iowa and all.
but I really love it.
Well. there's nothing
like the Big Apple.
I know.
First thing I did
when I got here. uh.
Magnolia Bakery.
-Dessert's your thing?
-Mm-hmm.
I've got lots of
recommendations.
Spots that. uh. actual
New Yorkers go to.
Ah. well. I would love to.
but I'm gonna be in a
conference till late.
No worries.
God. you are so lucky
that you live in New York.
It feels like you can be
anybody you want to be here.
Hello. son.
I've missed you. Dad.
I've missed you. too.
Did you come to say goodbye?
There's no clause in
the Code where it says
you can just give up and die.
I don't have much to live for.
You have a son.
A son who shot me.
I'm thinking he's
better off without me.
You really believe that?
I wonder if the whole world
might've been better off
if you hadn't rescued me
from that shipping container.
I made a lot of mistakes
in my life.
But rescuing you
was not one of them.
I can think of a few
people who might disagree.
A few murderers. you mean.
A few good people. too.
I was never there for Harrison.
And when he showed
up in Iron Lake.
I tried to mold
him into my image.
But I was wrong about him.
You sure about that?
He made it pretty clear
out there in the woods
he's not like me.
He's just angry.
Not in spite of
me. Because of me.
Your brother didn't
have a father.
He didn't have a mother. either.
Because of you.
And Harrison lost his
mother because of you.
Dexter. your son needs you.
Hello? Is anyone there?
Surprise. motherfucker.
Isn't there some rule
about these things ending
after the third ghost?
You're not happy
to see me. Morgan?
Fuck. Enough.
This is my mind.
Like it or not. Morgan.
this conversation
needs to happen.
I already know what
you're gonna say.
I'm a creep motherfucker.
You were right
about me all along.
No. I was wrong.
Buried down deep. real deep.
past all that fucked-up
Bay Harbor Butcher shit...
...is a kernel of good.
Good?
It's not a word I ever
heard you associate with me.
Well. hear it now.
And hold on to it for
the sake of your son.
Because he needs that
part of you. too.
Go to him. Morgan.
Otherwise. you really are
just some creep motherfucker.
Talk about a curtain call.
Welcome back to the land
of the living. Mr. Morgan.
Is this real?
Oh. yeah.
You've been in a coma
for ten weeks now.
-Ten weeks?
-Yeah.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Yeah. shoot.
Sorry.
Bad word choice.
Go for it.
How close was I to...
Meeting your maker?
Yeah. well...
you just about did.
Yeah. it was touch and go
there for a little bit.
but lucky for you. you got
shot in zero-degree weather.
The cold and the snow. it
slowed your heart rate.
Lessened the blood loss.
If it was summer. you'd be
deader than my last marriage.
But you pulled through.
I got to check on
another patient.
Wait.
Where's my son? Is he okay?
Last we heard. your son
left town weeks ago.
Nobody's heard from him since.
Harrison.
-Whoo.
-Is she okay?
Hey. Oh. oh.
Okay.
The wife had a little
too many margaritas.
Happens every time
we're in the city.
Hit the elevator for me.
Uh. yeah.
Can you go ahead
and hit my floor?
Didn't know you were married.
Why would you?
Go ahead. Eleventh floor.
Yep.
What was in that drink?
Give me a hand.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here we go.
Look. man. I know
she's not your wife.
Her name's Shauna.
She's here for the
medical conference.
Oh. you got me.
We just met at the bar.
and she and I are
gonna have some fun.
-She's cool with it.
-I'm cool with what?
Be a good boy and open my door.
It's not my problem.
Not my problem.
-It's not...
-No.
Stop it. No.
Shauna? Are you okay?
Get away from her.
Or what. you fucking nothing?
Just let me get Shauna
back to her room...
...and we can pretend
this never happened.
Get the fuck out of here!
She won't even
remember what happened.
Fucking piece of...
Think you're some
kind of fucking hero?
Piece of shit.
Fucking nobody.
Okay! Fine!
Take the bitch out
of here if you want.
You dumb-ass.
There's plenty more
where she came from.
There's always more.
No. no. no. no!
Fuck.
Okay.
♪ "The Big Bad Wolf"
by The Heavy playing ♪
♪ Oh. we got to show
them something ♪
♪ With time slipping away ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I can't say what I'll do ♪
♪ Oh. you got nothing to say ♪
♪ Oh. no. no ♪
♪ When I tell you who's who ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. 'cause
I'm the big bad wolf ♪
♪ What you say? ♪
-♪ I'm the big bad wolf ♪
-♪ What you say? ♪
♪ I'm the big bad wolf ♪
♪ Blowing down
your neighborhood ♪
♪ What you say? ♪
♪ I said. a-whoo ♪
♪ Oh. yeah now ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ "Bad Decisions" by
The Strokes playing ♪
♪ Dropped down the lights.
I'm sitting with you ♪
♪ Moscow... ♪
It's tough to cut
through the clothes.
It's best to remove them.
♪ Always singing in my sleep ♪
♪ Oh. making bad decisions... ♪
I generally cut them
into nine pieces.
depending on how big they
are. for ease of transport.
♪ On you. on you ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm not gonna give
a lot of credit ♪
♪ I don't know
how to use. how ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't ♪
♪ I can't ♪
Shit.
Let's go!
Today's not the day
to prove anything.
Don't push yourself so hard.
Easy does it.
Fuck.
I'm just walking.
You ever hear the phrase.
"Use it or lose it"?
Well. you didn't use
it. so you lost it.
It's going to take time.
How much time?
Considering how long
you were in a coma.
and your age.
be grateful that catheter
wasn't permanent.
I am.
Seriously. though.
you must've been
in really good shape before...
the incident.
Yeah. I used to chase deer...
...through the snow.
You know Norm Blacksnake?
Yeah. he used to crawl down
from his mountain shack
to my shop every year.
Drove himself here in the
middle of a heart attack.
No friends. no family.
Been on life support
the last two weeks.
Mean old cuss is gonna die
with nothing but that boxed-up
shit he came here with.
I could've shared the same fate.
PT time is over.
Okay.
You got it?
Yeah. I got it.
How am I not in a
prison hospital?
Where the hell is Angela?
Don't know.
Figured you'd be leaving
Iron Lake in a body bag
or handcuffs.
Hey there.
How you feeling?
Been better.
Those cuffs for me?
It's from Angela.
She left town with Audrey
after. you know... everything.
Which makes me acting
sheriff of Iron Lake.
Angela was so sorry about
mistakenly arresting you
for the murder of Matt Caldwell.
Obviously. it turned out
his dad... well. you know.
Mm-hmm.
She was even more sorry
about shooting you.
When she found that
bullet hole in your cell.
which proved that
Logan had shot at you
and you were just
defending yourself.
she felt like shit.
Look. all pleasantries aside.
I have to fulfill my duties as
acting sheriff of Iron Lake.
We don't have a
lot of resources.
but I have to enforce justice.
That's the job.
So...
Do you want to press charges
against the Iron Lake
Sheriff's Department
for Chief Angela
Bishop shooting you?
No.
No. that's okay.
It was a misunderstanding.
I'd prefer to just
put it behind me.
Us.
You don't know how
much of a relief.
Gosh. you're the best.
Thank you.
For taking the high road.
I try.
-Ow!
-Oh. Sorry.
I'll. uh... I'll
let you rest. then.
You need anything.
just let me know.
Thanks. Teddy.
You betcha.
Holy fucking shit.
Call the cops!
We got a body over here.
Well. part of one. anyway.
Officers Wallace
and Oliva. Homicide.
Afternoon. Detectives.
I'm Officer Oskelwitz.
Tell me what you
know. Oskelwitz.
Oh. um. a sanitation worker
was separating the trash.
A bag ripped. and
two pieces of a leg.
a human leg. came out.
Do you know where
this trash came from?
Um. y-yes?
Why are you saying it
like you're asking it?
-Because he's not sure.
-Then just say no.
The truck the garbage came
from has hundreds of stops.
Thousands of bags. I-I
guess that's why...
Tell him to stop.
Where is the rest of the body?
Forensics has no ability
to identify anyone
by their toe print.
We need a head or a hand.
Right. Um...
Do you have any more
information relevant
to my investigation. Officer?
I don't.
Then why are you still here?
Claudette.
You really should be
nicer to the unis.
Why would I encourage
that incompetence?
I am going to get to work.
♪ "Stayin' Alive" by
the Bee Gees playing ♪
We have body parts to find.
♪ Well. you can tell by
the way I use my walk ♪
♪ I'm a woman's man.
no time to talk ♪
♪ The music loud
and women warm ♪
♪ I've been kicked around
since I was born... ♪
What's her deal?
She sees things
in ways we don't.
Watch and learn. Officers.
Yeah.
♪ Now it's all
right. it's okay ♪
♪ And you may look
the other way ♪
♪ But we can try
to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times'
effect on man ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother
or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive.
stayin' alive... ♪
Oliva!
♪ Stayin' alive. stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah.
stayin' alive... ♪
This one right here?
This...
-Here!
-Yep.
Victim wasn't robbed.
Expensive ring
still on his finger.
But where is his watch?
Never in my life
have I worked so hard to
get so nowhere so fast.
Uh-uh-uh.
You did enough for today.
Remember. you have time.
Thinking I was dead made me
keenly aware of how
limited my time really is.
I just want to recover
enough so I can...
find my son. make
sure he's okay.
We'll get you there.
It's lunchtime. Think you can
make it back to your room?
For hospital food. you bet.
Dexter?
Please let this be
another hallucination.
And nope.
Wow.
It's like seeing a ghost.
I know what you mean.
It's been a while. huh?
Mm.
I'm thinking you
could use something
other than hospital food.
Thanks.
I don't know what Jim
Lindsay likes to eat.
but my old pal Dexter Morgan.
he loved himself a Cubano.
Little taste of home.
Oh. man. Mmm.
I missed these.
Imagine my surprise
when Chief Bishop
called me out of nowhere
and told me that you were alive.
Must've been a big one.
I got to know.
Why'd you disappear
for all these years?
I was pretty wrecked. you know?
With Deb and all.
What did you do with Deb?
The last glimpse I had of
you was security footage
of you wheeling her
out of the hospital.
When that hurricane hit...
...Deb gone like she was...
...I don't know.
it made sense then.
And I took her with
me on the boat.
I just had to get away.
I drove straight into the storm.
And the boat capsized and. um...
...I lost her.
And I lost my way. I guess.
After Rita and Deb.
I couldn't stay in Miami.
And...
...somehow I ended up here.
But why Jim Lindsay?
Faking your death?
I don't know. I
needed a new start.
My life had become such hell.
I know it doesn't
make a lot of sense.
But grief...
...does something to you.
Tell me about it.
I lost you. too. hermano.
Hell. I even spoke
at your memorial.
Thank you.
I thought about reaching
out. but I just couldn't...
...reopen that door.
It's open now.
Yeah.
But I'm still a little confused.
Here we go.
And I get this call from
the chief of police here.
Who I guess was your girlfriend.
And she said the craziest thing.
She intimated that you were
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
What the fuck?
Angela and I always had a
volatile relationship. but wow.
she must've been really pissed
at me when she called you.
-Crazy.
-Oh. it gets crazier.
I hop on a plane.
arrive to find that your
girlfriend shot you.
And when I talk with
her the very next day.
after her calling me
with that accusation.
she's backtracked on everything.
"Made a mistake." she says.
Hell of a mistake.
shooting your boyfriend
'cause you think
he's a serial killer.
It's just this one thing
I can't seem to let go of.
María LaGuerta.
You remember María.
Of course I do.
María told me. in confidence.
that she was certain
that you were the
Bay Harbor Butcher.
Crazy. huh?
Insane.
But then María was killed.
By some old cartel shithead.
Or Deb.
It was tough times.
Fuckin' A. it was tough.
But we all know that
the Bay Harbor Butcher
was Doakes. right?
What was it he used to call you?
He called me a lot of things.
You fucking weirdo.
Fucking creep job.
Fucking freak-tard. Psycho.
Jesus fucking Christ. you're
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
He liked "creep motherfucker."
Doakes always had
a way with words.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
It's been fun traveling down
memory lane with you. buddy.
But... I could use
some rest. I think.
Ah.
I'll be back tomorrow.
We can catch up some more.
Can't wait.
Oh. yeah.
I almost forgot.
I got some good news.
Lay it on me.
You're officially alive.
After your shipwreck.
I was the one that filled
out your death certificate.
When I heard you were alive.
thought it fitting
that Dexter Morgan
be legally resurrected.
Now you can vote.
renew your license. you know...
be a regular Joe.
That's very thoughtful of you.
Rest.
Or is it because
you can't prosecute a dead man?
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Dr. Abrams?
Thanks for reaching
out about Dexter.
Yeah. well. it's good for
patients to have friends around.
How long do you think
he'll have to stay?
Uh. he's amazingly resilient.
But he did take a catastrophic
gunshot to the chest.
so he'll be around for a
couple more weeks at least.
Great.
What time are visiting
hours tomorrow?
Eleven to four.
I'll see you at eleven. Doc.
All right.
If you'll just follow me.
Detective. I believe you were...
As soon as you are finished.
I want a comprehensive
luminol examination
of this entire space.
Okay.
Who's that?
His name is Morgan.
Harrison Morgan.
Genesee. please assist in here.
Not exactly the kind of sound
you want to hear when
you're in a hospital bed.
You don't have to
die alone. you know.
You still have Harrison.
I know.
Time of death?
5:13 a.m.
Relax into it. You're too tense.
Sorry. I'm just not used
to being on a table.
Uh. with someone over me.
Don't blame you
for being stressed.
I mean. your friend
Kurt Caldwell
turned out to be
a serial killer.
You got shot.
Crazy world out there.
Yep.
The hits just keep on coming.
I heard something
horrible on the news.
A man's chopped-up
body was found.
Gives me the heebies.
Where was this?
Down in New York City.
They found the body parts
cut up into nine pieces.
Can you imagine?
Nine pieces?
Mm-hmm.
Living on the Rez
can be shitty. but...
I'd take it over a big
city with crazy white men
running around
chopping up bodies.
No offense.
Serial killers always
seem to be white men.
Just a fact.
No offense taken.
Guess I shouldn't talk
bad about big cities.
I mean. Kurt Caldwell
was right here
in Iron Lake. taking our girls.
And it was when I killed Kurt
I taught Harrison
how to cut up a body
into nine pieces.
Could it be?
I'm feeling kind of beat.
Think I pushed too hard.
Can we. uh. call it for today?
Uh. sure. Yeah.
Separated into nine parts.
Just like I would do.
And the victim?
A repeat sexual predator
who slipped through the cracks.
Fits the Code. huh. Dexter?
You think Harrison's
following in your footsteps?
I mean. body chopped
in nine parts.
stuffed in garbage bags. and
the victim being what he was?
The city's only four hours away.
Easy drive for Harrison.
It's the perfect
place to disappear.
And if it is Harrison. he
could be in real trouble.
The NYPD is no joke.
If they've already discovered
the body. there's no telling
what other mistakes
Harrison might've made.
I'll start at the hotel
Ryan never checked out of.
Where are my boots?
Batista's gonna be here soon.
Harrison took my truck.
I need a car.
I'm a little early.
Any chance I could
see my friend?
No.
But you can wait
for him right there.
With friends like him...
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
Hey. Siri. call the
Seneca Nation Clinic.
How can I help you?
Yeah. hi.
This is Detective
Quinn. Miami Metro.
I need to talk to
Captain Batista.
Oh. Hold. please.
Excuse me. Captain Batista?
Phone call for you.
Captain Batista.
Hello there.
Ma'am. I don't really
mean to be a pest.
I'd really like
to see my friend.
Could you check again?
Sorry. he's still in the shower.
It's been 45 minutes.
Sir. you can't just...
Dexter. you okay. amigo?
Fuck!
♪ "Red Right Hand" by Nick
Cave & the Bad Seeds playing ♪
♪ Take a little walk
to the edge of town ♪
♪ And go across the tracks ♪
-Hmm.
-♪ Where the viaduct looms ♪
♪ Like a bird of doom ♪
♪ As it shifts and cracks ♪
♪ Where secrets lie ♪
♪ In the border fires.
in the humming wires ♪
♪ Hey. man. you know.
you're never coming back ♪
♪ Past the square ♪
♪ Past the bridge.
past the mills ♪
♪ Past the stacks ♪
♪ On a gathering storm ♪
♪ Comes a tall handsome man ♪
♪ In a dusty black coat
with a red right hand ♪
♪ He'll wrap you in his arms ♪
♪ Tell you that you've
been a good boy ♪
♪ He'll rekindle
all the dreams ♪
♪ It took you a
lifetime to destroy ♪
♪ He'll reach deep
into the hole ♪
♪ Heal your shrinking soul ♪
♪ But there won't be a single
thing that you can do ♪
♪ He's a god. he's a man ♪
♪ He's a ghost. he's a guru ♪
♪ They're whispering his name ♪
♪ Through this
disappearing land ♪
♪ But hidden in his coat
is a red right hand ♪
Fucking psycho.
Invitation delivered.
♪ "Blitzkrieg Bop" by
the Ramones playing ♪
♪ Hey ho. let's go ♪
♪ Hey ho ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Hey ho. let's go ♪
♪ They're forming
in a straight line ♪
♪ They're going
through a tight wind ♪
♪ The kids are
losing their minds ♪
♪ The Blitzkrieg Bop ♪
♪ They're piling in
the back seat... ♪
Whoa!
Some asshole just
tried to run me over.
Doesn't fit the Code.
No shit. Dad.
♪ Hey ho. let's go ♪
♪ Hey ho ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
My son.
I could cry.
Actually. I can't cry.
Damn it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today